[GOHAN SCREAMS]
[CELL YELLS]
[GOHAN YELLS]
[CELL GRUNTS]
[CELL LAUGHS]
Boy... Say hello to
your maker! Heh... Heh...
No!!!
[CELL STAMMERS]
[GOKU LAUGHS]
[GOKU] I'm really
proud of you... Son.
Dad... what're you...?
You listen to your mom and keep
hitting those books, okay?
Tell her I'm sorry,
but I'm not going to
make it home this time...
[GOHAN GASPS]
Goodbye... Gohan.
Don't leave us!
Goku!
[GOHAN GASPS]
Farewell...
I will suffer you no more.
♪ opening song ♪
[NARRATOR]
Combine Your Strength!
The Final Kamehame-Ha!
[CELL LAUGHS]
This planet...
will share your fate!
In a moment, the
Earth will cease to exist!
[GOHAN THINKING]
It's no use... I can't win!
Cell has so much
power at his disposal!
Please... forgive me, Dad!
Earth is doomed
and it's all my fault!
If only I'd acted faster,
if only I'd done more,
I could have
protected everyone!
Ahh...
Curses...!
To think that I would be this
useless in the final battle!
Me...! Vegeta...!
The crown prince
of the Saiyans!
I'm... sorry,
Gohan... truly...
[GOHAN GASPS]
[GOHAN THINKING]
Vegeta just apologized...?!
It's 'cause he
knows we've lost...
We tried our best,
and it wasn't good enough.
Gohan...
[PICCOLO SCREAMS]
Come on...!
I've never felt
more helpless!
[GOHAN GRUNTS ANGRILY]
[GOHAN GASPS]
[CELL LAUGHS]
Perfection incarnate...
I'm perfect even beyond
my own imagining...
I wonder... could
Dr. Gero himself
have conceived of such
refinement of form?
I must admit, he did
predict everything else.
Well, not the part where
the Earth is destroyed
in the process, but that's
a small enough detail.
Either way, it would
have perished someday.
And thanks to
Instant Transmission
I'll escape without a scratch.
[CELL LAUGHS]
You see I'm perfect,
my strength is perfect,
and with that I
shall bring about
equally perfect destruction.
[A18 GROANS]
Aw,... come on!
Nothing we do is
gonna stop this guy?!
Is this it...?
Is this really how
the world's gonna end?
[PICCOLO SCREAMS]
[CELL LAUGHS]
Ah... Why think small?
I've enough energy right now
to annihilate your
entire solar system!
[CELL GRUNTS]
Aw, what's the matter?
C'mon! Let's see
your valiant last stand!
No, Cell... Why?
There's no point fighting.
Just go on and
get it over with...
If Dad sacrificed
himself for nothing,
then I deserve
to join him.
Heh... What a coward...
Such an anticlimactic finale...
Well, if you're in
such a hurry to go,
please let me oblige you.
[GOHAN THINKING]
This is it...
I'll see you soon, Dad...
[GOKU]
Hey...! Can you hear me?!
Don't go giving up now!
That's not the Gohan
I know! Come on!
Dad, is that you?!
But... how?!
Pretty cool, huh...?
King Kai's helping me
tune in from Other World.
[KING KAI GRUNTS]
[BUBBLES CHATTERS]
Hey, the two of us
didn't do all that training
in the Hyperbolic Time
Chamber for nothing, right?
Just hit him with the biggest
Kamehame-Ha you can fire up.
Do that, and you can
still win this thing!
I know it!
[GOHAN]
But I can't...
My left arm hurts so bad
I don't even know
if I can move it
and I've got less than
half my energy left.
Huh...? Who does he
think he's talking to?
Heh... Babbling to himself,
the poor little fool...
[GOKU]
I promise you can beat him.
You just gotta believe
in yourself, Gohan.
Right now, you're the strongest
person in the whole universe!
All right... If you think
I can do it, I'll at least try!
I'll give it my best shot,
just like you taught me!
And listen,
don't worry about me.
I'm with King Kai
in Other World
and we're just fine...
We're havin' a great
time, right buddy?
Speak for yourself...
homewrecker!
Still, I'm really sorry, Dad...
If I hadn't gotten so
carried away before then...
...you'd still be here.
No, Gohan...
I chose this for myself...
And just because we can't go
out back and train anymore,
it doesn't mean
I won't still be with you
every step of the way.
Yeah, but...
Hey, if you're
really that upset,
then use that against Cell!
Go...! Give 'im
everything you've got!
Right!
Huh...?
Uh... Gohan...!
I guess... he's
back in the fight.
Ka...
Meeee...
Haaaa...
Meeeeee...
Yes, now that's more like it!
[GOHAN GRUNTS]
[CELL LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO]
This isn't going to work.
Gohan knows he has less energy!
What is he thinking?!
[CELL YELLS]
[GOHAN YELLS]
Say goodbye!
[CELL YELLS]
[GOHAN YELLS]
Say goodbye kid!
[CELL YELLS]
[GOHAN YELLS]
C'mon, guys! We gotta
get outta here... now!
Gohan...
[PICCOLO GRUNTS]
[VEGETA GRUNTS]
[GOHAN GRUNTS]
[CELL GRUNTS]
[CELL LAUGHS]
[GOHAN GRUNTS]
[DENDE THINKING]
It feels... as though Cell is
starting to overpower him!
But, if someone of
Gohan's strength
can't defeat Cell, then...
the Earth really is
going to be destroyed!
[GOHAN GRUNTS]
[GOKU]
Gohan! Focus!
Good... You're fighting
through the agony
far better than
I would have expected!
[GOHAN GRUNTS]
Cell's Kamehameha!
Gohan can't simply hold it off!
Enough...! It's time to
put you out of your misery!
[CELL YELLS]
[GOHAN GRUNTS]
[GOKU]
What's wrong?
There's way more power in you!
Why're you holding back?
[GOHAN] I'm not...!
This is all I've got!
I'm not good enough.
I'm just the same weak little
crybaby I've always been!
It's true, Dad...
I'm... I'm sorry...!
[GOKU]
Stop doubting yourself!
I don't know where you got it
in your head that you're weak...
...but you're wrong!
You've saved me and our friends
more times than I can count!
And you're going to
do it again! Right now...!
[GOHAN GRUNTS]
What are you whimpering
about over there, huh...?!
There's nobody left
to save you, boy!
[GOKU]
Hang in there, Gohan!
[GOHAN GRUNTS]
[CELL GRUNTS]
Foolish child...!
I have now evolved to
the ultimate in
fighting perfection!
Your attacks are
nothing to me!
[GOHAN]
Impossible!
[GOKU STAMMERS]
Wait...!
What if he's still--
[GOKU] Gohan...!
If anywhere in your mind
you're holding back
because you're worried about
the planet, forget about it!
Any damage you do to Earth
can be fixed with
the Dragon Balls!
So don't hold
anything back! Got it?!
I'm... trying!
[CELL LAUGHS]
Yes...! I can feel
you slipping away!
It's not fair.
[GOHAN GRUNTS]
I've got to help Gohan, now!
[PICCOLO GRUNTS]
Piccolo!
You can't!
Take this... Cell!
[PICCOLO YELLS]
[CELL]
Don't interfere, weakling!
[PICCOLO YELLS]
[GOKU GASPS]
No! Piccolo...!
Please be okay!
[PICCOLO]
Curse you Cell...
[PICCOLO GRUNTS]
Guh... Gohan...!
[VEGETA THINKING]
Foolish Namekian...!
That's brave an' all,
but he's still crazy!
Cell's completely
out of our league!
We can't even touch him!
[TIEN] Piccolo knew
that full well, Krillin...
...and he went
in anyway!
Huh...?!
[YAMCHA]
Tien, you're not
thinking of...!
Oh man...!
Come on! Don't tell me
you're about to go
chargin' out there, too!
Nothing could be worse
than just standing here
while Gohan is out there
fighting to protect
us all by himself.
Yeah, this sittin' on
the sidelines thing...
...it does gnaw
at the ol' pride.
Yes it does...
We have nothing to lose.
And I want to know
I gave it my all.
We're giving it a shot.
You watch Trunks, okay?
Yamcha, you, too?!
You ready?!
Yeah!
[KRILLIN] Last one in
is a rotten egg, huh...?
[KRILLIN THINKING]
At least...
I got to see you one
last time, Eighteen.
Goodbye.
And now those three...?
What madness has possessed
these fools all of a sudden?
[GOKU] Release your
power, son! Trust me!
These are your
final seconds, boy!
Do your best
to make them count!
[PICCOLO YELLS]
Tri-Beam!
[KRILLIN AND YAMCHA YELL]
Yamcha...? Wait,
and Tien...! And Krillin!
[GOKU] Gohan! Put more
energy into your attack!
I promise it'll work!
I'll... try!
You pesky runts...!
If you're in such
a rush to meet oblivion,
I'm more than happy
to hurry you along!
[PICCOLO YELLS]
[GOHAN THINKING]
Piccolo!
[GOHAN GRUNTS ANGRILY]
[GOHAN SCREAMS]
[CELL YELLS]
No Gohan,
I'm not going to let you
fight all alone out there!
You were the first person
who ever saw me as
anything but a monster...
and I'm proud to
call you my friend.
[KRILLIN COUGHS]
[KRILLIN CHUCKLES]
Don't... know why I'm
getting back up again;
it'd be a heckuva lot
easier to just stay down...
Yeah back in the old days,
I so would have
given up by now...
I guess it's Goku and
Gohan's fault I'm like this...
Thanks to those two, now
I don't know when to quit!
And you know, someday...
I'm gonna get 'em for that.
[TIEN SCREAMS]
[YAMCHA SCREAMS]
[TIEN THINKING] Goku...
You've been my inspiration
for as long as I can remember.
Everything I am now,
I owe to you...
And how did I repay you?
I stood there and
watched as Cell took you!
I promise I will not make
the same mistake with your son!
[YAMCHA THINKING]
Hey buddy... that kid of
yours is pretty incredible...
Every bit his father's son
and I really mean that...
And I'm going all out...
doing right by him!
[TIEN AND YAMCHA YELL]
[CELL] I grow tired
of your meddling!
[CELL YELLS]
[THUD]
[PICCOLO AND KRILLIN YELL]
You dare challenge
ultimate perfection?!
[PICCOLO GRUNTS]
[KRILLIN GRUNTS]
Buzz at me all you want,
you puny gnats...!
I will blow you away!
[DENDE THINKING]
Gohan...!
[GOKU] Gohan...!
You gotta fight back!
[GOHAN]
Dad, I...!
[GOKU] Remember all
the pain he's caused
and the people's he's hurt!
Use your anger!
Let your power explode!
Say hi to dad!
[CELL LAUGHS]
Huh...?!
[VEGETA BREATHES HEAVILY]
Vegeta?!
Nooooooow!
[GOHAN SCREAMS]
[CELL THINKING]
No! This can't... be...!
[GOHAN GRUNTS]
[CELL YELLS]
[CELL THINKING]
This can't be!
I am perfection!
[GOHAN BREATHES HEAVILY]
[THUD]
I think... it's over...
I don't think I feel
his energy anymore.
There aren't... any scraps
of him left, are there?
No, I think Cell's
gone for good.
He did it!
He really did it!
He showed that disgusting
slime ball who's the boss!
[GOHAN BREATHES HEAVILY]
[CHICHI]
He won! My Gohan won!
[OX KING]
Best grandson in the world!
[KING KAI]
That boy of yours
really came through.
[GOKU] Yeah.
[GOKU THINKING]
I've never been
prouder, Gohan.
[GOHAN BREATHES HEAVILY]
[NARRATOR] At long last...
Cell has been defeated.
The Earth has been saved,
thanks to a father's
belief in his son.
Thank you for everything,
Goku... and farewell.
♪ closing song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey, it's me, Goku!
We won! Sorry I can't
be there to celebrate.
[GOHAN]
This is all my fault, Dad!
[GOKU]
Aw, don't worry about it.
Just focus on your studies
like you've been wanting to.
[GOHAN]
I really am sorry, though.
[GOKU]
Hey, it would have been
my time sooner or later, right?
Everybody's gotta
go eventually...
...even Super Saiyans!
Next time on Dragon Ball Kai!
"A Bittersweet Victory!
Until We Meet Again..."
Well, see ya around, you guys!